Feature: "Align Selected Variables Assignment" (#193)
mark-wiemer/vscode-autohotkey-plus-plus: README.md

-   Open Help: `Ctrl + F1`
-   Run: `Ctrl + F9`
-   Run Selection: `Ctrl + F8`

> -   Align Selected Variables Assignment: `Shift+win+F`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Align Selected Assignments: `Shift + Win + F`
```

![Code Format](image/codeFormat.jpg)

> ### Align Selected Variables Assignment
> 
> Select variables assignment:
> 
> -   Right-click and select `Align Selected Variables Assignment`.
> -   Or press `Shift+Win+F`.
> 
> ![Align Assignment](image/align.gif)
> 
> Comments indentation are preserved during alignment. You can add new variable assignment, re-align all assignments. Your manually align comments will stay in old place.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Align Selected Assignments

Select assignments:

-   Right-click and select `Align Selected Assignments` from the context menu.
-   Or press `Shift + Win + F`.

![](image/align.gif)

Comments' indentations are preserved during alignment. You can add new variable assignment and re-align all assignments. Your manually aligned comments will stay in their original place.

```

Reviewer: Can you provide an example of "You can add new variable assignment and re-align all assignments. Your manually aligned comments will stay in their original place."?

Author: Why you edit this `![Align Assignment](image/align.gif)` to this `![](image/align.gif)`? All images in README.md has description in brackets.

Reviewer: Descriptions are for screen reader users, yes. But `align assignment` does not provide any information as a description. Since the feature is already described in text above, it doesn't need a description. In fact, removing the description makes screen readers less chatty and provides a better user experience.

Reviewer: This doesn't really matter too much, if you want to ignore the change you're welcome to.
